Hi, skiers. I'm Jeff from Ski Essentials.com. Welcome to our 2021 ski test. Today we're talking about the Black Crows Corvus. This is an awesome ski from Black Crows. Pretty specific application and a pretty unique ski, too. And we'll talk about why that is. So, first of all, shape, the Corvus is pretty much flat underfoot. So from one hand to my other hand, that whole section of the ski is basically flat. It's not even really reverse camber underfoot. It's just flat. And then you get rocker starting about where my hands are. And the rest of it is really lowrise rocker, 107 underfoot in this key with a 20 1 meter turn radius, and you get two sheets of metal. So when you talk about, you know, performance and application for the Corvette, like I said, it's fairly specific application. I really think about this as kind of like a big mountain competition ski. Not that you have to be competing to enjoy it, but it prefers that style of skiing. So think about big open train, you know, big mountains, western mountains, you know, Chamonix. These things are born in Chamonix. So if you think about big gnarly descents in Chamonis or places like that, you need a powerful ski, especially if you want to ski those lines fast. If you watch the Free Ride World Tour, those guys ski really, really fast. And a ski like this can do that and can do it through choppy, variable terrain, soft snow, whatever you point it towards. The Corvus is going to stay stable and quiet and composed, which is really, really cool. There is some Pivoting ability to it because it's flat and reverse camber. So if you're not achieving a high edge angle, you can get the ski to pivot, but it's certainly not a playful ski. This is the type of ski that you can pretty much put an expert only tag on it, or at least an advanced or even an upper level advanced skier. It's going to be pretty tiring, pretty demanding, especially for somebody who doesn't want to ski fast, direct lines down the mountain. You know, if you're looking for a more playful, maneuverable, powder ski, there's plenty of other stuff in Black Crow's line that would fit that role a little better. But if you're looking to go fast through choppy terrain in big mountain zones, there's not much better than the Black Crow's Corvus. And this ski, this is one of the iconic Black Crows skis. It's been around for a while. It's always had this attitude. And it's really cool that they make a ski like this, because there's not a ton of them out there with this much stability and this much power and the ability to just tank through whatever you point it towards. Definitely let us know if you have any questions about it, if there's anything out there that you want us to compare it to. You can also head on over to ski Essentials and read more feedback from different people. Read more about it. Ask us a question there. Maybe just get in touch with us directly, whatever you want to do. We're happy to chat more about these because they're pretty special, unique skis. So. Yeah, that's the Black Rose Corvus for 2021. And we'll see you guys on the slopes. You.